on
Yes
ludmilla told me to I to
to remember a day the other day
you can not be at the audition
you are among the four best or
ludmilla wants you not to casting
go ahmadi we so you listen to her
you know what
it's as easy as a on or good mila
to be very comfortable this position
you can not imagine how
hard it is as nati in this
To survive the jungle you know what I am
tell me
leon
I wanted to tell you something last
Round of casting is very difficult
and I know that we are always in the
hair lying and that well I thought
I wish you good luck anyway
sport the pure effort
I know people like you too well first
or rather, you always do one
on dear and nice exemplary me
Wished luck blabla but
Actually you are nothing more than one
egoist and a nerd
I do not like you like me
speaks
It would not matter if you like it or not
I do not know that you only come to me
you wish me luck because you are
for the winner but you could do here
even so deceive everyone
I know that I will win you in the end
You wanted to say that or the casting there
do you drive then I wish you
good luck
may the better win you can
think about me whatever you want and
try to outdo me but win
is only the beginning then only begins
real challenge and I am
ready
but you are only ready for that
competition so it can be with the singing
start
thomas you are the first
sid
cie
lower
too high for them
Yes
as
there
to have
as
victory
it is